liquitex professional acrylic inks share
a common attribute with the rest of the
liquitex line and that's really
versatility now because it's an acrylic
ink it can be mixed with the other
mediums and the other two colors in the
line and that's different than what you
normally think of when you think of inks
usually it's a dye in a shellac base
because this is an acrylic again it can
be inter mixable with all the other low
context products and there's 30 colors
in the range and they match with the
other colors so that's nice to have an
exact match so if I have let's say vivid
lime green in a two color and vivid lime
green and an ink again those are going
to match their intermix will same color
they're water-based there are permanent
inks and again they're very very fluid
so that allows me to do a lot of things
that I would normally do with other inks
again a dye in a shellac base but this
is better because since we're using
highly pigmented acrylic rather than a
dye we've got light fastness we've got a
permanent ink dyes can fade over time
and that's something that you really
don't want for the longevity of your
work so again these colors can be mixed
with the mediums that we have and also
the two colors as well again to add to
versatility throughout your whole
practice in your studio so all of the
things that I can do with the
traditional ink can be done with the
latex professional acrylic inks so I've
got what we would call a simple call it
a dip pen or call it a crow quill pen
even though it is a metal nib so I can
dip that right into here get into
delicate cross length hatching and
hatching and cross-hatching all that
kind of stuff I could combine with that
brush work and I like this with a low
sign I'm blue and I like this because it
starts out really deep but it's nice
right here when I come in and you see
that undertone coming through there it's
really really pretty so I can do all
that kind of neat stuff there too and
then you know what I'll do - I'm gonna
put out a lot more ink right here I'm
gonna sort of flood this area for a
second and the reason I'm doing that too
is if you're doing something like maybe
you mixed media work
and you want to bring in a stamp they
can do that you can start to incorporate
that in here too so I can use that and
then also because this is an acrylic
emulsion what I can do I've got pouring
medium in here already I'm gonna take I
think a different color now this is a
yellow medium azo shake that up a little
bit and I'm gonna put about two dropper
folds into this I don't need a whole lot
really maybe just a touch more and I'm
gonna take the end of my brush and mix
that ink in here to the pouring medium
snap at the versatility that was like
keyboard I mentioned before ink here
with the pouring medium and I can do
some interesting things I can start to
drip and drizzle this ink I want to
incorporate all these different
techniques that's wet so it's bleeding
with that a little bit making a nice
green color so with any product in the
liquid text-align it all comes back to
being able to intermix these things have
a lot of great versatility to really
expand your creativity